Project renaming: SNS -> NoNS (#306)
Cloud-Storage-Team/algnet: README.md

# Not Overcomplicated Network Simulator

## Overview

> Not Overcomplicated Network Simulator (NoNS) is a free open source project aiming to build a discrete-event network simulator targeted for easy testing congestion control algoritmhs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not Overcomplicated Network Simulator (NoNS) is a free open source project aiming to build a discrete-event network simulator targeted at easy testing of congestion control algorithms.
```
